[exciting music playing]
[grunts]
Windstorm Slash!
[rumbling]
Ninjas are amazing!
If you want to finish this,
you can find me on the planet Guilst.
We got attacked by some weird guy
while we were in the master's room.
When I realized what was happening,
Rebecca and the master
were both gone!
There's recently been a series
of kidnapping incidents on Blue Garden,
targeting several video streamers.
-[Shiki] I'm going to the planet Guilst.
-[sobbing]
We're heading back to Edens Zero!
Edens Zero. Very well.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Where am I?
[anxious murmurs]
[gasps]
[Rebecca] That's Couchpo.
-[whimpering]
-[Rebecca] Icchi. Naru…
Milon.
And Copa!
Why are all these B-Cubers here?
[door sliding open]
-[bang]
-[girls whimpering]
Quit cryin' already, will you?
Nothing you do is getting you out of here.
Moscoy!
[Ganoff] From this moment on,
you all belong to Sister.
Sister?
[Witch] Systems, all clear.
Destination: The outlawed Planet Guilst.
We're coming for you, Rebecca!
[Witch] Edens Zero, taking off.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
PLANET GUILST
[Rebecca] Where's Happy?
I don't see the guild master, either.
[grunt]
Hey, you! Why are we all tied up here?
And who are you, guys?
Doesn't matter.
You're Sister's property, starting now.
We're gonna sell you off to Illega,
so that will make you his property.
Eh, makes no difference to me.
We are the honorary knights of Sister.
Known as the mercenary squad Rogue Out.
[B-Cuber] Oh no. Rogue Out?
The group that will take on any job,
no matter how dirty it is?
They're the textbook's space outlaws.
[Rebecca] I don't get it.
I thought Sister was one
of the Demon King's Four Shining Stars.
Why would she do this?
Illega's going to have a field day,
especially with you, blondie.
[chuckles] It's nothing personal.
-I hear some people love planet Guilst.
-[B-Cuber 2] Guilst?
That planet is crawling with criminals!
Please, no, I'll do anything!
Just let me go!
[crying]
[wailing]
I hate this!
I'm scared and I want to go home!
Keep it down. You're giving me a headache.
[wailing]
I said shut your trap!
[door opens]
[girls crying]
There's fewer things
I hate more than a racket.
So do me a favor and shut up! I mean it.
[wailing] I'm sorry, I can't!
You can't?
Oh, I get it. I didn't make myself clear.
Then let me help
get it through your skull!
[Rebecca grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
Huh?
Moscoy?
[gasping]
That's quite enough.
We'll keep her quiet.
Watch your damn mouth!
Just looking at you pisses me off!
You can act tough as much as you want,
but I control those binds.
And I can do it with a push of a button.
[beep]
-[electricity crackling]
-[screams]
[grunting in pain]
-[Rebecca crying]
-[chuckles]
[gasping]
[evil laughter]
-[wailing]
-Scream for me!
I'm gonna rip you to little tiny pieces.
[Rebecca] A girl tied up and squirming!
This… This is gonna get me so many views
and I'll keep it like
perfect clickbait thumbnail!
I just hope it doesn't violate
any of B-Cube's policies!
[grunts] What a freak.
[Jinn] Enough.
Any more
and you'll damage the merchandise.
[gasps]
Really?
Coming from the guy
who couldn't capture one girl?
Don't you lecture me.
[Jinn]
I was busy fighting off an opponent.
A boy who uses Gravity Ether Gear.
Shiki?
[Ganoff scoffs]
Tell me, Mosco,
were you paying attention to orders?
You were told to find cute B-Cubers,
so what's this?
[Mosco] But she is cute!
[Ganoff] You know?
Imagining a strong-willed girl like you,
being forced to submit
your body and mind to Illega,
it really turns me on.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
I don't wanna hear a sound!
[door whirring]
[clang]
That was close. Thank you!
No problem.
Wow, you're awesome. I could never--
-[Rebecca] I know you.
-Huh?
You're Couchpo from the MoguMogu Channel.
I love your videos.
Just watching them makes me want to eat.
I can't believe you know me.
Copa, I watch your videos
all the time, too.
That koala is so cute!
Wait, does that mean you're a B-Cuber too?
-A B-Cuber?
-Sorry.
I've never heard of you.
I thought I recognized you
for like, a second.
Are you the poop lady?
No, that is not me!
[chuckles]
It's no biggie.
I don't really have a lot of viewers,
to be honest.
But forget about me,
we've got to get out of here.
Any ideas?
-[Milon] It's impossible.
-Huh?
Like we haven't tried yet.
[Rebecca] You're Milon,
from the Tokkô Channel!
You look even cooler in person!
[Milon] No one has ever come back
from being taken to Guilst.
It's over for us. What a place to die.
-[Rebecca] It's not over!
-[both] Huh?
[gasps]
Not yet. I still got a lot of fight left.
And I'm about to go on a journey
outside the Sakura Cosmos!
My life's just begun!
[Rebecca] You're all geniuses
at coming up with video ideas.
I know we'll think of a way to escape.
SUBSCRIBERS - 0.85M
SUBSCRIBERS - 1.93M
SUBSCRIBERS - 0.36M
SUBSCRIBERS - 0.61M
Right?
TOTAL SUBSCRIBERS - 105
[Witch] Planet Guilst was once
considered a travel destination,
but over the past ten years, it has become
a place where criminals gather.
[Shiki] I don't care
how dangerous Guilst is,
I'm saving Rebecca no matter what!
[Pino] Excuse me, Witch.
Will Happy make a full recovery soon?
Happy's injuries are not life threatening
but I'm unable to help any further.
What we will need is Sister Ivry's
Ether power in order to help him.
The Life of Edens.
Precisely.
As the life of the ship,
she is able to heal.
[Witch] It was her duty to repair
damaged machines and did so remarkably.
Comparatively, I am the Shield of Edens.
My duty is to guard the ship.
The other two sisters
are Valkyrie, the Sword of Edens,
and last but not least,
Hermit, the Mind of Edens.
So, in summary, there is Life,
Shield, a Sword and the Mind.
Ziggy created you for a reason.
To be our successor.
You will become the Light of Edens.
Really?
Enough talk. Rebecca is in danger.
[Witch] Our enemy systems will be
fully charged for fast travel shortly.
Remember, Guilst is one of the upmost
dangerous planets in the Sakura Cosmos.
If we proceed without a strategy,
we may lose our chance to save her.
We can't just sit around and wait!
She's in trouble!
[Weisz] Calm down
and think about it for a second.
[Shiki] Weisz!
And… who's that?
My name is Homura. I am not your enemy.
You realize this could be
considered trespassing.
[Witch] What shall we do, Demon King?
You're the Demon King?
[Shiki] Hang on a sec.
I don't even know who you are.
And what are you doing here,
Professor Thief?
Things got a little complicated.
[Weisz] Well, well.
So this is the guild, huh?
They were talking about
establishing this place in my time.
All of this in 50 years.
[newscaster] Emergency newsflash.
There's recently been a series
of kidnapping incidents on Blue Garden,
targeting several video streamers.
Authorities are currently reporting to us…
[Weisz] Crap. Is Rebecca a video streamer?
[loud thud]
Huh? [gasps]
-I'm going to the planet Guilst.
-[Weisz] Shiki!
We're heading back to Edens Zero!
[Weisz] Don't tell me Rebecca
was kidnapped too?
[Homura] Edens Zero.
[intriguing music playing]
[Weisz] Hey, did you just say Edens Zero?
I beg your pardon. Sometimes I just
can't stop myself from thinking out loud.
Weird. There's a creepy man
staring at me right now as I think.
[Weisz] Gee, thanks.
Are you a crew member of the Edens Zero?
Shoot! I'm thinking out loud again.
[Weisz] She knows
the ship's name is Edens Zero.
Maybe I am, what's it to you?
[Homura]
Can you take me with you on that ship?
Huh?
In exchange, I will help you
rescue your kidnapped friend.
I swear it on my life.
What do you get out of this?
I can't answer that.
What I want is a fight
against the Demon King.
[Weisz] She did it again!
My teacher spoke about
a master named the Demon King.
And that his ship is called Edens Zero.
To be honest, I was planning on
ditching the crew and the ship altogether.
But you're pretty darn good looking,
so it must be destiny that we met.
And now he's judging my appearance.
This guy is a creep.
[Weisz] Well, at least I know
what she thinks of me.
-Fine, I'll take you with me to my ship.
-Seriously?
But only on one little condition.
And that's why I brought her over here.
A pleasure to meet you.
So what was your condition?
I'll tell you that after we save Rebecca.
-Right?
-If that's what you want.
I do not recommend allowing an enemy
on board targeting our Demon King's life.
And Weisz does not have the authority
to decide this in the first place.
[Homura] I'm not trying to take his life.
So, what are you still doing here, Weisz?
Hey, who do you think I am?!
A girl's in trouble!
If it's a girl you can bet your ass
that I'm going to save her!
-No matter what it takes!
-Oh.
Pardon me for asking.
She had mentioned the Demon King.
She was probably talking about Grandpa.
That's quite enough talk about me.
Tell me the plan to rescue your friend
so that I may assist you.
We're about to touchdown
on a dangerous planet.
We'll need every bit
of aid we can get, right?
Yeah, but how is she supposed to help out?
[tense music playing]
I've honed my powers since I was a child.
So now I have Ether Gear.
-Huh?!
-Seriously?!
What a powerful Ether.
Is that…? No! It can't be!
We have arrived.
[Ganoff] Get those legs moving!
Hang in there, you guys.
[gasps]
[chilling music playing]
[gasp]
Huh?
[gasping softly]
Help… me.
[girls whimpering]
[anxious whimpering]
[Ganoff] She must have escaped
from some underground organization.
This isn't a planet where a girl
can survive without being someone's pet.
You don't want to end up like her, right?
You're going to be okay.
Illega's a good man.
Here's a piece of advice for you.
Just say yes to everything
lllega tells you to do and you'll be fine.
And I mean everything.
Even if it means
shaking your pretty little ass.
[scared cry]
[hitting on wall]
[grunting]
[somber music playing]
[Rebecca] There's 29 of us in total.
If I can come up with a plan
and we all work together,
we can totally get out of here.
[Illega] Greetings dear subjects.
Welcome to Illega Tower, my humble abode.
-A frog?!
-Eww, what a freak.
What made you want to kidnap
so many B-Cubers, huh?
Please, sir, I just want to go home!
Ah, I've definitely seen her before.
And the fat one.
I would recognize your figure
anywhere, hottie.
I don't care who you are,
watch your mouth around me, fanboy!
I'm not a fan of anyone in particular,
if you're easy on the eyes,
that's all that matters.
Let me explain. My hobby is turning
beautiful girls like you into furniture.
And after today, I'll have
some cute B-Cubers added to my collection.
The hell?
What's wrong?
Have they never seen
furniture on Blue Garden?
I doubt they've had the pleasure of seeing
the type of furniture that you possess.
Ah! Then allow me
to show them true beauty.
[snaps fingers]
-[croaking]
-[girls gasp]
[Illega] Luckily, I was in the middle
of making some furniture in the next room.
The girl you see is a celebrity
on some planet or whatever.
[gasping]
Please, I'll do anything you want.
I have a family! I'm begging you!
Don't move.
[girl] Please,
I don't wanna die like this!
Somebody help me!
[subordinate] Well, if you keep fidgeting,
I might accidentally kill you.
So don't move.
[whimpering]
Good, now stay just like that.
[gasping]
[buzzing]
[sobbing]
[high-pitched buzzing]
[gasps]
[shrieking]
[dramatic music playing]
[horrified shrieks]
My, what a beautiful chair indeed!
[subordinate] This one's
much better than the last.
Don't!
-[Copa] She was completely frozen.
-[Couchpo] How despicable!
And you're going to become
part of my beloved collection next!
[horrified clamoring]
-No one will hear your cries for help.
-[snaps fingers]
[squelching]
[Rebecca]
Hey, what is all this foamy stuff?
-[girl 1] Ew, it's pink!
-[girl 2] What's going on?!
It's getting all over me!
My clothes!
What are you doing, you pervert?!
Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit!
I'm cleaning your filthy bodies so
that the furniture will come out spotless.
Illega, Sister has sent us a reminder
to fulfill the payment to her.
Hmm, ribbit!
[Copa] It's over!
[Rebecca] Don't give up yet.
We're going to get out of here!
And when we do,
that pervert is as good as dead!
[Witch] Fast travel complete.
We've now arrived at Planet Guilst.
Cross referencing "Ninja",
"Guilst" and "Wind Ether Gear."
When I search for those keywords,
they show links to a mercenary squad
named Rogue Out.
Then that's gotta be where Rebecca is.
Well, we don't really know
if she's there for sure,
-but it's definitely a pretty good hint.
-Let's head there first.
I'm not going to say this out loud,
but I want to test my skills
on that planet.
[Weisz] That was out loud!
All of you, please use extreme caution.
This planet is a nest for evil.
Trust your instincts and trust no one.
[somber music playing]
What you did earlier
was very kind, Mr. Weisz.
Huh?
[Pino] You fixed Happy
when it did not benefit you.
He's not totally fixed.
I just repaired him a bit
because I felt sorry for him.
And if I'm being honest here,
the me who built him
50 years in the future must be a genius.
I mean, I can't even
restore his functionality.
Even so, whether you admit it or not,
you are a kind person, Mr. Weisz.
Hey, look at those buildings.
I wonder how there were built like that.
[Homura] Believe it or not, this planet
used to be filled with beautiful nature.
Because of that,
it was rich in Wood Ether.
[Weisz] Back in my time,
this place was a tourist attraction
for people who wanted to see
huge trees like that one.
[Pino] According to my database,
this city was built on top
of a giant tree known as Mechdrasil.
We are currently standing
at the lowest level of the tree.
The Ether on that tree is amazing!
[sighs]
Something wrong?
I was just thinking about how Rebecca
and Happy would have enjoyed seeing this.
[Shiki] They'd say,
"This'd make an awesome video!"
Who would watch a video
about a planet full of crooks?
[chuckles]
Your friends sound very cheerful.
Let us rescue them, no matter what!
Yeah. I'm gonna do whatever it takes.
[Weisz] Somehow, this place
is even worse than I imagined.
[Homura] This planet reeks.
[whispers] I shouldn't say that out loud.
[Weisz] The slums on Norma look
like theme parks compared to this.
According to my information, the location
of Rogue Out's main base should be nearby.
-[Weisz] Really? A church?
-[Shiki] Are you sure this is their base?
[Homura] Well, it does say
"Rogue Out" in huge letters on it.
What's the move? Want to rush in?
'Cause that's what I want to do.
You idiot! We have no idea
how many are in there!
And if we slip up,
it will put Rebecca on jeopardy!
We are going in!
How dumb are you?!
Fine then, I'm waiting outside!
[grunts]
[doors creaking]
[Shiki] No one's here.
What is that huge stone statue?
[female voice] Trespassers.
What have you come looking for here?
Is it power? Money? Or is it sex?
They have talking statues here?
Or did you come here to confess your sins?
So be it.
I have no need for an answer.
[rumbling]
[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[female voice] For you see,
I already know your destiny.
Reveal yourself!
-[click]
-[hissing]
My name is Sister.
And I am the leader of Rogue Out.
That's Sister?!
One of the Four Shining Stars.
[exciting music builds]
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
THE GREAT NAKED ESCAPE